First, make sure that both VMs are up and running and that you have access to them. You'll need to know the IP addresses or hostnames of each VM.

Next, on the VM that you want to connect from (let's call it VM A), generate a new SSH key pair using the ssh-keygen command. This will create a public key and a private key.

Copy the public key from VM A to the other VM (let's call it VM B) using the ssh-copy-id command. This will add the public key to the authorized_keys file on VM B, allowing you to log in to VM B without having to enter a password.

Now, try connecting from VM A to VM B using the ssh command. You should be able to log in without entering a password, since the SSH key exchange has been completed.

Here's a more detailed breakdown of each step:

Step 1: Make sure both VMs are up and running

This step is pretty straightforward. Make sure both VMs are running and that you have access to them (i.e., you can SSH into them or connect to them via a console).

Step 2: Generate a new SSH key pair on VM A

On VM A, open a terminal window and run the following command:

Copy code
ssh-keygen
This will generate a new SSH key pair and save it in the default location (~/.ssh/id_rsa for the private key and ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub for the public key).

Step 3: Copy the public key to VM B

Now, you need to copy the public key from VM A to VM B. To do this, run the following command on VM A:

sql
Copy code
ssh-copy-id username@vm_b_ip_address
Replace "username" with the username you want to use to log in to VM B, and "vm_b_ip_address" with the IP address or hostname of VM B. You'll be prompted to enter the password for the username you specified.

Once the command has completed, the public key from VM A should be added to the authorized_keys file on VM B.

Step 4: Test the connection

Finally, try connecting from VM A to VM B using the ssh command:

css
Copy code
ssh username@vm_b_ip_address
You should be able to log in without entering a password, since the SSH key exchange has been completed. If you're prompted for a password, something may have gone wrong with the SSH key exchange. Double-check that you followed all the steps correctly and try again.

That's it! Once you've completed these steps, you should be able to connect from VM A to VM B without entering a password, making it easier to manage your VMs remotely.





the ssh-copy -id at what path it will copy ?
The ssh-copy-id command copies the public key to the remote machine's authorized_keys file, which is typically located in the .ssh directory in the remote user's home directory.

